[DOCS] Added more clear english sentence for task api detailed param (#88493)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/cluster/tasks.asciidoc

===== Get more information about tasks

You can also use the `detailed` request parameter to get more information about

> the running tasks. This is useful for distinguish one task from another task but
> is more costly to execute. For example, fetching all searches using the `detailed`

Reviewer: How about this?

```suggestion
the running tasks. This is useful to distinguish tasks from each other but
is more costly to execute. For example, fetching all searches using the `detailed`
```

Author: Looks better thanks @DaveCTurner Committed suggested change.
